Wealth is a means to an end... not the end itself.
It's high time for one of your most promising ideas.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Do a good deed anonymously. You will make a difference in your life.
Financial prosperity is coming your way!
A healthy body will benefit you forever.
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
Say "I love you" and mean it. You can't do that enough.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Enjoy the small things you find on your path.
Good food brings good health and longevity.
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
Every burden is a blessing.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Your next interview will result in a job.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Peace begins with a smile.
Engage in group activities that further transformation.
Be satisfied with what you already own.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Are your legs tired? You been running through someone's mind ALL day long.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not loose this ability.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Home is where your heart is.
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity.
Your heavy desire, only allow you to see what you are looking for.
TEAMS - Together Everyone Achieves More Success.
You have a heart of gold.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
He joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise. Save the cookies!
Listen to the wisdom of the old.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
Old friends make best friends.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future.
You always do things the right way.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Some people never have anything except ideas, Go do it.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
You are more likely to give than give in.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, it wont taste as good as the food you were fed.
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons dos not know.
Even the longest of days will come to an end.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid answer.
Success is an accumulation of successful days.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Start to look for you faults if you never made mistakes.
Good sense is the master of human life.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
A judgment will rule in your favor.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Look forward to great fortune and a new lease on life!
You will travel to many places.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
A new venture will be a success.
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
Everything must have a beginning.
The important thing is to express yourself.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises.
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice too big.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Character development is the true aim  of education.
Trust him, but sill keep your eyes open.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
The time is right to make new friends.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout.
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will soon meet the person you admire.
A good time to start something new.
All generalities are false.
Come back later... I am sleeping. (yes, cookies need their sleep too)
If at first you do not succeed... try something harder.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
Two people shorten a road.
