With integrity and consistency -- your credits are piling up.
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
How dark is dark?, How wise is wise?
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
You are the master of every situation.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Cookies go stake. Fortunes are forever.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Kind words can be shot and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
Example is better than perception.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
LSDBS - Let Something Good Be Said.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best change of a happy ending.
Service to many leads to greatness.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
I think and that is all that I am.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Venture not all in one boat.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
Never be less than your dreams.
The good times start when I count to 3: 1... 2... 3.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Haste does not bring success.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
Be smart, but never show it.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
You or a close friend will be married soon.
We will not know the worth of water 'till the well is dry.
You are talented in many ways.
Do your best to make it happen
You will find great forces in unexpected places.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Do onto others as you wish others do onto you.
Struggle as and hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
You have a pair of shining eyes.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Stand tall! Don't look down upon yourself.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Wise man seldom talks.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success!
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
You are going to take a vacation.
Commitment is the stuff character is made of; the power to change the face of things.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Everyone needs to be loved, especially those do not deserve it.
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Don't be afraid of fear.
There's no point to being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
You will learn something new every day.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Many receive advice only the wise profit by it.
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining.
Maturity: Do your duty without being supervised.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
You can't have everything... where would you put it all?
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
If you're riding ahead of the heard, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
